fix(tutos): part 1 (#4915)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/strapi/index.mdx

9. A summary of the Blog collection that you have just created displays. Click **Save**:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-blog-created.webp" alt="" />

    Strapi will restart and refresh your dashboard.

    Now that we have set up the database to hold our blog, we will create a quick "Hello World" blog post.
10. Click **Blog**, which now appears as a **Collection Type** under the **Content Manager** section of the navigation menu:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-blogs-click.webp" alt="" />
11. Click **Create new entry** in the top right.
12. Enter a title and content of your choice, or use the following 'Hello World' examples. Then click **Save**, followed by **Publish**:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-hello-world-blog.webp" alt="" />

    <Message type="note">
      You can see the published content in the **Published** tab.
    </Message>

    The final step is to make the content of our blog publicly available.
13. Click **Settings**, then **Roles** under the **Users and Permissions Plugin** section of the navigation menu.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-roles-permissions.webp" alt="" />
14. Click **Public**. Under **Permissions**, you can see our **Blog** application.

> 16. Check the **findone** and **find** boxes in the **Blog** application dropdown, to enable the public to find our blog posts. Then click **Save**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16. Check the **findone** and **find** boxes in the **Blog** application drop-down, to enable the public to find our blog posts. Then click **Save**:
```
